Add breaking changes note about Helm values file restriction (#3744)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/blog/releases/v0.33.0.md

## Changelog since v0.32.4

### Breaking Changes

According to a recently discovered [vulnerability](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2022-24348), it reveals that the existence of a directory traversal vulnerability when an arbitrary path can be specified as the Helm values file path.

> For this reason, PipeCD has restricted the path that can be specified as the values file path to the directory where the application configuration (i.e. `.pipecd.yaml`) exists when a local path is specified by [#3726](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3726).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, PipeCD has restricted the path that can be specified as the values file path to the directory where the application configuration exists (aka. the application directory) when a local path is specified by [#3726](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3726).
```

> For this reason, PipeCD has restricted the path that can be specified as the values file path to the directory where the application configuration (i.e. `.pipecd.yaml`) exists when a local path is specified by [#3726](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3726).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this reason, PipeCD has restricted the path that can be specified as the values file path to the directory where the application configuration (i.e. `app.pipecd.yaml`) exists when a local path is specified by [#3726](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3726).
```

Reviewer 2: Oops, [this](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3744#discussion_r894129615) is fine

Therefore, for example, in the following specification of values file paths, the first three are allowed, but the last two are not.

```yaml
helmOptions:
  valueFiles:
    # allowed
    - values.yaml
    - ./foo/bar/values.yaml

>     - /path/to/dir-where-application-configuration-exists/values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - /path/to/application-configuration-dir/values.yaml
```

Author: Rewrite it with disallowed examples :+1:

    # disallowed

>     - ../../../../path/to/dir-where-application-configuration-file-NOT-exists/values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ../../../../path/to/OTHER-application-dir-or-such/values.yaml
```

>     - /path/to/dir-where-application-configuration-NOT-exists/values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - /path/to/OTHER-application-dir-or-such/values.yaml
```
